chore: add FAQ page (#3)
bloomwalletio/bloom-docs: faq.md

---
icon: question
order: 400
---

# FAQ

## Overview

Welcome to the FAQ!

> Here you will find answers to all of the frequently asked questions we have received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find answers to the frequently asked questions we have received.
```

:::info
If you still find yourself with questions after looking through the ones below, please reach out to us on [Discord](https://t.co/uovp2LDwKg){target=_blank}.
:::

## Setup

...

## Security

- **Can I use my Ledger device with Bloom?**

  Yes! Bloom supports creating hwardware profiles with Ledger Nano devices, however it does **NOT** support bluetooth functionality.

- **Can I use a mnemonic phrase with Bloom?**

>   Yes, Bloom supports 12- and 24-word mnemonic phrases, which are used to create software profiles.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that upon profile creation we only support 24-word mnemonics, but to restore a profile we allow 12-words for compatibility with other apps?

- **What is Stronghold?**

>   Stronghold is the software security mechanism we use to securely store the private keys for software profiles. It is a software library that uses special cryptographic techniques to hide secrets in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Stronghold is the software security mechanism to securely store the private keys for software profiles. This software library uses special cryptographic techniques to hide secrets in memory.
```
